the interview process step 5 a hiring
decision a job offer so after all the
interviews
yes hey watch it
watch
exams gonna be tough
you
we have my
Hey yeah no this is Sylvain right
yeah I just want to confirm an
appointment
my tattoo
okay let's cool things like
you
in your professional opinion how black
berries changed the workforce negatively
or positively well certainly at Georgia
College I would say that has probably
been a bit of a negative the students in
class often sitting there with their
heads down in fact just last week I had
wants to made a phone call however from
an employer's point of view it's always
good to be able to get your employees at
any time of the day
and get a hold of them at 11:00 at night
and tell them you want something by 8
o'clock the next morning and
get much more productivity out of people
that way the negative side is it does
create stress and spreading over all
these things overnight
instead of instead of having a good
night's sleep so it has an impact that
way but overall certainly in a school
environment I don't see it as that
necessary and as an employee I
personally don't have a blackberry and I
made a conscious decision not to get one
because implementation